docs: add linting guidance to contribution guide (#821)
shaneutt/praxis: docs/developing/getting-started.md

[conventions.md]:./conventions.md

## Lint

```console
make fmt
make lint
```

> It is recommended you run `make setup-hooks` to setup pre-commit hooks that ensure linting is always done before commiting code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended you run `make setup-hooks` to set
up pre-commit hooks that ensure linting is always
done before committing code.
```
